c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\bin\Debug\Czat.xr.xml
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\bin\Debug\Czat.exe
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\bin\Debug\Czat.pdb
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\bin\Debug\Czat.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\Czat.exe
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\Czat.pdb
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\bin\Debug\LogowaniePage.xbf
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\LogowaniePage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\LogowaniePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\LogowaniePage.xaml
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\LogowaniePage.xbf
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\bin\Debug\KontaktyPage.xbf
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\KontaktyPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\KontaktyPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\KontaktyPage.xaml
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\KontaktyPage.xbf
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\RozmowaPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\RozmowaPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\bin\Debug\RozmowaPage.xbf
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\RozmowaPage.xaml
C:\Users\Bartosz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Czat\Czat\obj\Debug\RozmowaPage.xbf
